refactor: refine download-pre-built.md (#256)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/installation/download-pre-built.md

## One-line Installation

For Linux and macOS users, you can download the latest build of the `greptime` binary by using the following commands:

```shell
curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/develop/scripts/install.sh | sh
```

When the download is finished, the binary `greptime` will store in your current directory. 

You can run the GreptimeDB in standalone mode:

```shell
./greptime standalone start
```

## Docker

Make sure the [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) is already installed. If not, you can follow the official [documents](https://www.docker.com/get-started/) to install Docker.

```shell
docker run -p 4000-4004:4000-4004 \
-p 4242:4242 -v "greptime-vol:/tmp/greptimedb" \
--name greptime --rm \
greptime/greptimedb standalone start
```

If you want to use another version of the GreptimeDB image, you can download it from our [GreptimeDB Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/greptime/greptimedb).

**Note**:

> If the Docker version you are using is lower than [v23.0](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/23.0/), then you will encounter the problem of insufficient permissions when starting the above command (a [bug](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/42681) of the old version of Docker Engine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a Docker version lower than [v23.0](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/23.0/), you may experience problems with insufficient permissions when trying to run the command above, due to a [bug](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/42681) in the older version of Docker Engine.
```
